Caption: I don't think that my next speaker the
Caption: mother of unicorns needs any
Caption: introduction although I will it's Ming J
Caption: Hansen and I've got a memory like a
Caption: sieve so the the marketing jump start I
Caption: think yay I got it right
Caption: um if you don't know Ming where have you
Caption: been and uh as with myself I'm delighted
Caption: Ming's presenting this room we're
Caption: talking about remote work and how to
Caption: manage
Caption: that
Caption: um hands up burnout specialist right
Caption: here
Caption: and
Caption: take it over me thanks thank you hi
Caption: everyone I'm going to be standing here
Caption: because uh I have hair and the
Caption: microphone doesn't really
Caption: coordinate with that
Caption: um so first of all I wanted to thank the
Caption: sponsors honestly this event wouldn't be
Caption: able to pay for lunch without the
Caption: sponsors so
Caption: um so they have contributed a great
Caption: amount in order for us to be able to run
Caption: these cool events so today I'm going to
Caption: be talking about how to be productive
Caption: when working remote a little bit about
Caption: me is that we have been working remote
Caption: for five years
Caption: uh I am a CEO of my own business I run a
Caption: company called marketing jumpstart I've
Caption: been running it for 12 years I'm very
Caption: tired
Caption: um I also have a diagnosis of cptsd and
Caption: anxiety I don't say that for anybody to
Caption: feel sorry for me or anything like that
Caption: it's actually more for anybody in the
Caption: room who might have their own diagnosis
Caption: and needs to see the evidence in the
Caption: room
Caption: um I also talk in the media a lot you
Caption: see my face sometimes on the television
Caption: uh and on the radio I think it's
Caption: hilarious that they let me
Caption: um and also the biggest deal is that my
Caption: team is here for the first time ever
Caption: together in the same room and the same
Caption: state can I get you guys to stand up
Caption: no they're not going to stand up because
Caption: they're shy introverts
Caption: um so some notes about this talk
Caption: today what I'm going to go through is
Caption: the benefits of remote work from the
Caption: position of the employer and the
Caption: employee I'm going to talk about the
Caption: challenges of remote work and healthy
Caption: boundaries in communication and
Caption: distraction guilt I'm also going to talk
Caption: about adapting the environment and what
Caption: that's meant for us and I'm going to put
Caption: some final notes and Lessons Learned
Caption: From the pandemic
Caption: so first off
Caption: time coverage
Caption: benefits for the employer so two of our
Caption: team that's flown in from Melbourne and
Caption: Sydney
Caption: they are obviously two hours wait are
Caption: you ahead or behind I can't remember my
Caption: brain's not working
Caption: ahead cool
Caption: so on either side of the day we actually
Caption: have an extra four hours for our clients
Caption: so it means that we have a little bit
Caption: extra coverage
Caption: um more focused work happens when we're
Caption: working remote because we don't have
Caption: meetings on Zoom every day
Caption: because we get fatigued
Caption: we figured that out really early on in
Caption: the pandemic
Caption: is
Caption: um a larger pool of future employees
Caption: so I mentioned before I have cptsd
Caption: anxiety disorder half of our team have
Caption: PTSD executive dysfunction ADHD all of
Caption: the other acronyms
Caption: um
Caption: and what it means is that we cater for a
Caption: higher level of neurodivergence
Caption: so
Caption: having different types of work Styles
Caption: means that we actually have different
Caption: values that we can add to the business
Caption: reduce fixed cost for a business owner
Caption: is really important so obviously I don't
Caption: pay for an office
Caption: um and for me that became really
Caption: important because I want to invest in my
Caption: team
Caption: so as a business you could see this as
Caption: an opportunity to downsize and reduce
Caption: operating costs and invest more in your
Caption: people technology and for me also
Caption: training
Caption: benefits for the employee less time in
Caption: commute he loves commuting not me
Caption: on average in Western Australia you
Caption: could spend 26.5 days a year
Caption: commuting to work
Caption: that's a lot of time
Caption: for our team the fact that we don't have
Caption: to commute to work means that we have
Caption: that time back and we can spend it on
Caption: our Hobbies
Caption: for which we have many
Caption: um so Hobbies like roller skating wool
Caption: spinning Kira has three spinning wheels
Caption: yep counting
Caption: gardening food video games photography
Caption: music one of our team who isn't here
Caption: unfortunately because he's unwell
Caption: is a musician
Caption: so things like nurturing support in a
Caption: business the idea that someone being
Caption: late for work in our business doesn't
Caption: exist
Caption: one of the things that I say often to my
Caption: team is work to your biorhythms
Caption: not to what the business needs work to
Caption: what you need
Caption: the reason why that change was made is
Caption: because that we tell ourselves a lot of
Caption: stories coming from corporate work or
Caption: previous works that we might have worked
Caption: with how many of you have heard things
Caption: like leave your life at the door
Caption: couple people
Caption: so
Caption: more Hobbies less time and compute
Caption: suited work environment
Caption: so each of us obviously work in our own
Caption: homes
Caption: or at a cafe or at the beach
Caption: or in the middle of
Caption: a wonderful Forest
Caption: so uniquely to each team member we all
Caption: get to work with our best colleagues as
Caption: well our pets
Caption: so some challenges for working remote
Caption: considering boundaries
Caption: now normally like Christina mentioned it
Caption: this morning in her incredible keynote
Caption: about the idea that people just sort of
Caption: check in and go oh can you just have a
Caption: quick look at that for me I just yeah
Caption: could could you just have a look at this
Caption: and there's this constant disruption
Caption: that happens in an office
Caption: how that looks online is 27 messages on
Caption: Discord
Caption: or Slack
Caption: so re-learning what that looks like for
Caption: you
Caption: when you don't have an open door policy
Caption: in your office
Caption: is then figuring out what your
Caption: boundaries look like in your home
Caption: there's potential for scope slip
Caption: so because we're not talking to each
Caption: other face to face every day
Caption: our interactions are often online
Caption: and if things get complicated
Caption: text on the screen can make it worse
Caption: has anybody ever heard of procrasta
Caption: chores
Caption: laughs
Caption: I'm trying to get it to Trend
Caption: um procrastination when you're working
Caption: from home it's really easy for you to
Caption: get distracted with all of the things
Caption: that you've got going on in your home
Caption: for me I have been for the last six
Caption: weeks trying to film some videos for
Caption: some courses that we're doing and
Caption: instead of filming the videos what I
Caption: decided in my head was I would clean my
Caption: entire house
Caption: reorganize my storage room and paint a
Caption: wall
Caption: foreign
Caption: black
Caption: so work life and your life can creep
Caption: into each other's spaces
Caption: one of the key things about that is be
Caption: gentle with yourself don't judge
Caption: yourself too harshly for that we all do
Caption: it
Caption: one of the other challenges that we have
Caption: is finding ways to close the distance
Caption: between the team
Caption: working in isolation can get really hard
Caption: and making sure that you've got regular
Caption: check-ins and that you're having
Caption: conversations that are not just work
Caption: conversations are actually really
Caption: valuable
Caption: so we've all been working together for
Caption: five years
Caption: and it took us for the pandemic to
Caption: happen for us to realize that we didn't
Caption: actually really know anything about each
Caption: other
Caption: because we are efficient we have all
Caption: these conversations about the work stuff
Caption: because that's what the meeting's for
Caption: so we don't have the water cooler to
Caption: have those oh what did you get up to on
Caption: the weekend those conversations are
Caption: actually really valuable to your
Caption: workplace
Caption: distraction guilt who's watched seven
Caption: seasons of Frasier
Caption: three people well it's suddenly feeling
Caption: more guilty
Caption: so there is studies to say that people
Caption: who work from home tend to work more out
Caption: of guilt
Caption: because they might have taken a little
Caption: bit longer for lunch they might have
Caption: streamed a few too many episodes
Caption: instead of actually doing work
Caption: again one of the rules in our businesses
Caption: work to your own flow
Caption: so long as the job gets done
Caption: we have two deadlines one is the real
Caption: deadline for the client the other is our
Caption: internal deadline which is two weeks
Caption: prior
Caption: different communication styles
Caption: with everybody's different
Caption: neurodiversities
Caption: having awareness around the other
Caption: person's communication style can be
Caption: really challenging most of the time we
Caption: will communicate in the ways that we
Caption: prefer best
Caption: I am the worst culprit for this
Caption: I will often send things to my team at
Caption: rapid fire hey could you do this hey
Caption: could you do this hey I forgot about
Caption: this
Caption: I am working on it
Caption: work in progress
Caption: but remembering that other people
Caption: receive information differently and
Caption: trying to accommodate them recognize it
Caption: so adapting the environment
Caption: there's an importance of designated
Caption: workspace
Caption: Kira very much has two different
Caption: workspaces so at the beginning of the
Caption: day she starts in her chair in her
Caption: office by the end of the day she's on
Caption: her couch
Caption: so a lot of that is about healthy
Caption: boundaries
Caption: for her mind her space and her
Caption: relationship with work
Caption: with me this led to a very specific
Caption: purchase when I bought my house
Caption: I have an upstairs and a downstairs
Caption: upstairs is work downstairs is home they
Caption: do not cross
Caption: so once I step out of work literally and
Caption: figuratively
Caption: I am in my home space mode
Caption: and that's very important because one of
Caption: the people that I work with is also my
Caption: partner
Caption: activities for breaks so we have what we
Caption: call a circuit breaker event
Caption: for me it's going to do a food shop in
Caption: the middle of the day when nobody else
Caption: is at the shops but it's to get me
Caption: outside of my house and outside of
Caption: outside of my environment to make sure
Caption: that my brain is not getting too clouded
Caption: work time and home time
Caption: is your choice
Caption: if you stay late you're choosing that
Caption: and everything has to be a conscious
Caption: choice
Caption: nobody is putting a gun against your
Caption: head asking you to work late hours
Caption: certainly not in our business
Caption: one of the things that I say quite
Caption: regularly to the team is so long it is
Caption: as it is healthy
Caption: meal prep is actually way more important
Caption: for neurodiverse people
Caption: um well it's important for everyone but
Caption: for people who are neurodiverse
Caption: sometimes you can get really super hyper
Caption: fixated on things and then you don't eat
Caption: for two days
Caption: yeah
Caption: definitely me
Caption: Kira is a recent convert to having
Caption: lunches she's very angry about it but
Caption: she loves it really
Caption: and she's eating lunches which are more
Caption: than a cereal box
Caption: it's not judgment I love you
Caption: foreign
Caption: some of the lessons that we learned from
Caption: the pandemic was fatigue despite working
Caption: from home prior to the pandemic the
Caption: challenges of the team were shared by
Caption: the team
Caption: even though we all had unique challenges
Caption: things like covert fatigue and long
Caption: covert
Caption: things that we were not expecting
Caption: these became things that we shared
Caption: collectively as a team
Caption: and it became really important for us to
Caption: share empathy with the rest of the team
Caption: managing mental spoons there's some
Caption: great blogs out there about mental
Caption: spoons and having how many spoons you
Caption: have for your day
Caption: some days you have less spoons because
Caption: you borrowed from next week's spoons
Caption: currently we're working towards a four
Caption: day week and we're doing this for mental
Caption: health reasons
Caption: we realize that the last two years have
Caption: been hard
Caption: and it's four day work week with a
Caption: five-day pay
Caption: to clarify
Caption: I'm not undercutting anybody
Caption: the business values are also imperative
Caption: they have been from day one for me
Caption: when I walked out of my previous
Caption: business it was because there was a
Caption: misalignment with values
Caption: and I swore that I would make a business
Caption: that was aligned with my values always
Caption: even as they evolve
Caption: the people in our business
Caption: are aligned with our values our clients
Caption: are aligned with our values
Caption: we have fired clients this year
Caption: for not being aligned with our values
Caption: I want to have a bit of a conversation
Caption: about the word overachieving
Caption: say hello to my toxic relationship
Caption: it's with this word
Caption: we used to highlight it as really great
Caption: oh it's so great such an overachiever
Caption: with pride
Caption: and then our newest team member Michael
Caption: who's from Melbourne joined
Caption: and
Caption: I remember him saying to me oh I want to
Caption: be just like Vernon just like Derek
Caption: two of her highest overachievers in our
Caption: business
Caption: and I realized that our toxic
Caption: relationship with that word
Caption: sets the tone for anybody new coming
Caption: into our business
Caption: have a think about what you're setting
Caption: the tone for new people
Caption: so I've probably run under time because
Caption: I talk very quickly
Caption: yeah
Caption: um but my final notes is you might have
Caption: noticed that I've talked about work
Caption: environment and beliefs and structural
Caption: workplace and pitfalls the remote work
Caption: but ultimately the core thing is
Caption: actually about productivity is mental
Caption: health and wellness and the security of
Caption: the team
Caption: when the pandemic kicked off one of the
Caption: decisions that I made was to employ my
Caption: team they were all subcontractors at the
Caption: time
Caption: and I employed them I gave them security
Caption: against every single piece of advice I
Caption: was given at the beginning of the
Caption: pandemic
Caption: every leader I spoke to everyone I spoke
Caption: to all of my peers
Caption: all of them
Caption: said to me I was crazy
Caption: said to me I was making foolish
Caption: decisions
Caption: said to me I was making a lot of risky
Caption: choices
Caption: ultimately without my team my business
Caption: is nothing
Caption: their wellness and security is the most
Caption: important thing
Caption: what it meant was that two years into
Caption: the pandemic
Caption: five out of the six of us bought houses
Caption: we all have security
Caption: with us having that security it also
Caption: meant that our clients have that
Caption: security we're not going anywhere
Caption: thanks for listening
Caption: [Applause]
Caption: thank you
Caption: Ming for for sharing your vulnerability
Caption: I'm also ADHD so I relate to pretty much
Caption: every slide there and before I rattle on
Caption: as an ADHD person could do are there any
Caption: questions for me
Caption: down the back
Caption: I should point out um this past week uh
Caption: in terms of yeah the toxic behaviors and
Caption: all of that uh I've so I'm the director
Caption: of media for DD this year so all of the
Caption: things with all of The Branding that you
Caption: see in the conference I have had some
Caption: part in that
Caption: um the wonderful neon signs on the main
Caption: stage is my responsibility
Caption: um and I've done a lot of work this week
Caption: specifically and worked like midnight
Caption: every day
Caption: plus running my business plus I also
Caption: decided in my infinite wisdom to do a
Caption: Rebrand this week
Caption: completely forgot its are you okay week
Caption: and uh what was the other thing here
Caption: oh we did a photo shoot yeah oh and I
Caption: flew the team over
Caption: oh yeah no I definitely maxed out the
Caption: tabs in my brain
Caption: um thanks for the
Caption: um I was wondering you you mentioned you
Caption: you're catching up for the first time
Caption: yeah here today
Caption: um I'm also you know doing remote work
Caption: for for many many years and I've
Caption: considered catching up at you know
Caption: regular times very valuable
Caption: um so um have you guys considered
Caption: catching up let's say every you know two
Caption: three months and at a place and work
Caption: together doing a vocation type of thing
Caption: so so two of our team work on the East
Caption: Coast
Caption: yeah
Caption: at the moment I can't afford to fly them
Caption: over every two weeks
Caption: um I I would love that uh I think two
Caption: weeks would be a big ask because
Caption: everybody's got families and life stuff
Caption: as well to work around
Caption: um it is an important thing that's been
Caption: flagged as something that we would like
Caption: to do more often absolutely
Caption: excuses like DDD Perth it's a great
Caption: excuse for that
Caption: um I don't know if that answers your
Caption: questions
Caption: I do think it's important
Caption: um if you have a local team catching up
Caption: with them
Caption: um I catch up with all of my team once a
Caption: week online and it is it is it has been
Caption: enough for the last five years do you
Caption: guys want to can I add something yeah I
Caption: I would recommend considering this to
Caption: everyone so
Caption: um I was working in Europe a lot and
Caption: um I flew over from from another country
Caption: to meet the team every four to six weeks
Caption: because of this uh even before the
Caption: pandemic uh there was uh for myself very
Caption: important uh you know to catch up and
Caption: have this to chats and what what you've
Caption: mentioned and I can only you know
Caption: recommend doing this it's what you lose
Caption: at the costs you lose basically for
Caption: office you should spend in yeah kind of
Caption: events that's
Caption: um so what so what we invested chose to
Caption: invest in was training at the time
Caption: um and I think one of the things I have
Caption: always encouraged from the team is that
Caption: they engage in community
Caption: that they find their own local community
Caption: and find their own peers
Caption: because we don't know what the pandemic
Caption: will look like in the future we might go
Caption: into another lockdown the like the
Caption: concern I have is if we go into another
Caption: lockdown then how do we maintain that
Caption: how do we support that I'd actually
Caption: agree with that if your team is remote
Caption: at least find a tribe and that's
Caption: actually why I'm here at DDD Perth
Caption: because I'm working remotely in a team
Caption: of one and I get to connect with amazing
Caption: people like Ming who invited me here
Caption: um another question
Caption: um hi if you feel comfortable can you
Caption: expand a little bit on the toxic
Caption: relationship with overachieving how
Caption: people might recognize that in
Caption: themselves potentially
Caption: I think this week has been a good
Caption: example
Caption: um
Caption: I think if you if so specifically to
Caption: people who work remote
Caption: you have on average two to four hours
Caption: that are actually productive
Caption: productive work
Caption: the rest of it is spinning wheels
Caption: [Music]
Caption: um
Caption: and I think if you are pushing yourself
Caption: or drinking lots of Red Bull too
Caption: caffeine intake is probably a good
Caption: indicator
Caption: missing meals there's another one
Caption: um for me I'm very lucky in the fact
Caption: that I have a great relationship where
Caption: my partner has got very healthy
Caption: boundaries with work and home life
Caption: um and so a lot of that dictates my
Caption: relationship with that when I was single
Caption: I can guarantee you I would work 14
Caption: hours because sometimes
Caption: I don't have a perception of time
Caption: and I think speaking to the
Caption: neurodiversity side of things
Caption: certainly this week I don't always know
Caption: what my Max
Caption: output looks like and it's taking
Caption: it's taken me probably five years to
Caption: figure out you know maybe do too much
Caption: I think also being neurodiverse there's
Caption: something called delay aversion so you
Caption: procrastinate and then you freak out and
Caption: you rush to the Finish but you do it
Caption: successfully and that gives you a
Caption: dopamine reward and then you repeat the
Caption: behavior and itself
Caption: um it's all fulfilling
Caption: I'm getting better at it
Caption: I don't know if I've learned that lesson
Caption: yet because I'm still saying yes to lots
Caption: of things
Caption: I mean great job
Caption: um it's not so much a question or an
Caption: observation I think like with the um
Caption: toxic overachieving uh linking
Caption: self-worth to achievements as well yeah
Caption: um so not being satisfied with an
Caption: outcome if there's the perception of
Caption: failure you then look at yourself as a
Caption: failure as opposed to looking at the
Caption: activity has failed
Caption: um yeah so yeah that can be a big thing
Caption: I yeah so so just to add to that so with
Caption: the PTSD side of things a lot of my
Caption: internal dialogue is around total
Caption: catastrophic failure
Caption: um and even this week like little things
Caption: have gone wrong
Caption: and my brain has gone oh my God
Caption: everybody's gonna hate me it's going to
Caption: be the worst experience what's going on
Caption: I don't even know how to do this if I'm
Caption: going to show up and if I do my talk and
Caption: I'm not even ready and I haven't even
Caption: done my slides and that is constantly in
Caption: my brain
Caption: so yeah
Caption: thank you for putting that into
Caption: the talk
Caption: um you mentioned the four day week and
Caption: I've just done articles I've read the
Caption: rhetoric is around like
Caption: in the office you have that water cooler
Caption: time and a lot so really you can get you
Caption: know we can compress to a four day week
Caption: for our current workload for our current
Caption: five-day pay as what sounds like an
Caption: already efficient team as a business
Caption: owner if you're happy to share it do you
Caption: have any ways you're working towards
Caption: that as a remote company to a four day
Caption: week
Caption: um so some of it is around figuring out
Caption: what that work day looks like that day
Caption: off looks like so for some of the team
Caption: it's the Monday they don't they don't
Caption: like they're more functional if they
Caption: have the Saturday Sunday Monday for the
Caption: other half of the team it's the Friday
Caption: Saturday Sunday
Caption: um I at there's been conversations
Caption: around Community engagement and whether
Caption: or not they wanted to use that time to
Caption: engage with their Community
Caption: um in terms of
Caption: cost management
Caption: chargeable for my clients is probably a
Caption: good start
Caption: because don't charge enough
Caption: um
Caption: yeah like the costs and certainly
Caption: employing people and coming out of being
Caption: a sole Trader into a company
Caption: this my role has changed
Caption: my role in my own business has changed
Caption: from lead gen to then being okay I'm
Caption: like my my days is staring at my bank
Caption: account and making sure that I can
Caption: afford
Caption: to operate in the ways that we operate I
Caption: get zero Joy from that
Caption: the joy I actually get from is is
Caption: working with my clients so
Caption: uh it have we got a plan the plan is
Caption: currently we have some targets to hit
Caption: for the business so we can financially
Caption: support it
Caption: um and then when we start to implement
Caption: it we're going to do a trial just to get
Caption: our rhythms right but you're quite right
Caption: like the the
Caption: the amount of work that we do as as like
Caption: we're a small team we've a team of six
Caption: the amount of work that we do is
Caption: overwhelming Kira wrote a really great
Caption: blog that's on our website
Caption: um which was something along the what
Caption: the ever loving bleep have I got have I
Caption: gotten him myself into and I think was
Caption: it like a month into her job
Caption: a weekend a week into the business
Caption: yeah
Caption: um and she's now been in the business
Caption: for a year and a half I think yeah
Caption: um and so she sort of reflected on all
Caption: of the things that we do and she was
Caption: like oh I had no idea what you guys did
Caption: like
Caption: so could I also add I think um what I've
Caption: learned about you is you like to help
Caption: people yeah
Caption: and it's really hard to say nice and you
Caption: have to retrain the way instead of
Caption: saying no about what help you can give
Caption: instead of actually taking it on board
Caption: and and uh just getting it all done
Caption: because you achieve so much that you
Caption: need to actually temper that with um
Caption: prioritizing the right tasks I I
Caption: recently did a a money mindset training
Caption: and one of the things that came out of
Caption: that was
Caption: um I I have a nurturer money mindset
Caption: which means that I want to help everyone
Caption: um except for myself and
Caption: um so I'd like I do have some boundaries
Caption: that I've put in place that I've learned
Caption: which is like with my community
Caption: engagement stuff limiting to 10 of my
Caption: time
Caption: um
Caption: but yeah so it's starting to put
Caption: boundaries in place and stuff like that
Caption: so
Caption: with the gradual move towards remote
Caption: work for more and more businesses a lot
Caption: of companies seem to have trust issues
Caption: in their management staff trusting their
Caption: actual staff who do the processing the
Caption: actual work and do the output so do you
Caption: have any advice to help those people who
Caption: do have small businesses that are
Caption: looking at moving to remote for how to
Caption: develop that trust relationship as an
Caption: employer and also for the employees to
Caption: develop a trust relationship with them
Caption: because don't forget if you don't trust
Caption: your manager and you're not in there
Caption: every day
Caption: it's going to go horribly wrong so any
Caption: advice for businesses looking to do that
Caption: throw me a curveball Sarah
Caption: oh yeah thanks
Caption: um
Caption: um okay so a couple of things one is if
Caption: employers managers whoever are concerned
Caption: that their team are not doing their job
Caption: hire different people
Caption: hire people that you trust if you don't
Caption: hire people that you don't trust what
Caption: are you doing and the other way around
Caption: if you're looking to find the right team
Caption: to work in actually figure that out
Caption: first because yeah it is all too common
Caption: so that kind of comes back to Value
Caption: alignment
Caption: um so things like for us the question
Caption: that I will always ask my team when
Caption: they're struggling with something is how
Caption: can I support you
Caption: it's never why didn't you do this
Caption: because that's always going to come back
Caption: with a point of aggression it's never
Caption: that's never going to be a helpful
Caption: question
Caption: um
Caption: but I've also managed people for over 20
Caption: years so
Caption: Kyra Kira's got a question and then oh
Caption: no one of my team
Caption: um
Caption: so
Caption: men can obviously really answer that
Caption: from an employer's point of view but for
Caption: the people who work for her the way that
Caption: that pans out for us is that
Caption: I think the most important takeaway for
Caption: that for employers is don't deck over
Caption: your stuff yeah because I've been in
Caption: really toxic work environments and I now
Caption: work for me and I have been in
Caption: situations where they will say oh great
Caption: come to us are you okay is everything
Caption: all right tell us when you have problems
Caption: and then we'll use that as an excuse to
Caption: screw you every time whereas
Caption: what I'm finding difficult to relax into
Caption: is the fact that I can actually have a
Caption: shitty day or have a problem or have
Caption: something and my boss isn't trying to
Caption: screw me
Caption: so I'll go to Ming and she'll go okay
Caption: that's fine let's let's do something
Caption: else today let's find something else
Caption: that you can manage or let's put that on
Caption: the back burner and and you need to take
Caption: a day exactly the amount of times I've
Caption: said I'm sick and just don't expect too
Caption: much from me today and she's like right
Caption: you're going to bed now I'm logging you
Caption: off
Caption: it's just it's very different for an
Caption: employee I think to relax into that
Caption: space I also kind of want to point out
Caption: that if you are treating your employees
Caption: like their criminals it makes them very
Caption: kidnappable for a better employer
Caption: case in point Kira was kidnapped from
Caption: her last
Caption: employer
Caption: um I've got a question about the
Caption: different communication Styles that's
Caption: something that I've definitely struggled
Caption: with since starting remote work like uh
Caption: well uh pandemic wise yeah
Caption: um because I'm more like I talk to speak
Caption: and some people oh wait no sorry talk to
Caption: think and some people think to talk yeah
Caption: and some people think and then right
Caption: yeah and I really struggle with that so
Caption: um do you have any tips
Caption: um if so first of all if you are having
Caption: a challenging conversation it's an
Caption: indicator that the other person is not
Caption: receiving you the right way
Caption: um and ask ask the other person how the
Caption: best way is for them to receive that
Caption: information
Caption: um is it's probably one of the best
Caption: pieces of advice I got when I was
Caption: learning to be a manager
Caption: was just communicate with your manager
Caption: what's going on and explain to them how
Caption: you best a receive information but then
Caption: also try to understand how they receive
Caption: information so we have team members who
Caption: will much prefer to have a DOT Point
Caption: list
Caption: and like the overview and then there
Caption: will be team members who want every they
Caption: all the details they want all the
Caption: details and the minutia
Caption: um then there's me who rolls in and is a
Caption: verbal communicator and doesn't like
Caption: writing emails
Caption: um and so I have to force myself to to
Caption: slow down and actually find Space to
Caption: write that stuff like to write out all
Caption: of that information things like building
Caption: Pro so I'm very good at building
Caption: processes from from a thing that I've
Caption: done if so long as I've done it so if if
Caption: I can do an action or create something I
Caption: can then create the user guide for it
Caption: um and that has sort of become the
Caption: really good transition point for us
Caption: right now in our business where we're
Caption: building out like standard operating
Caption: procedures and stuff like that and then
Caption: we're reviewing it regularly making sure
Caption: that it's up to date and it's current
Caption: and especially in the industry that we
Caption: work in then technology has come
Caption: instantly changing
Caption: so we're about to break for lunch and so
Caption: that Ming doesn't have to rely on cereal
Caption: for most meals throughout this event can
Caption: we have one more round of applause for
Caption: Ming thanks so much guys thank you for
Caption: coming
Caption: thank you very much thanks thanks for
Caption: coordinating the room Joe